[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: Tree Shaking is another
buzz word associated to webpack as
far as I know the earliest bundler to do
tree shaking is a bundler called rollup.
It's really interesting approach,
it doesn't do near the amount
of things that webpack does, but
it's cool so you can look into it.
But what tree shaking does,
Tobias who is the author of webpack said,
tree shaking creates dead code,
I'll show you what that looks like.
I say that tree shaking excludes exports
from modules where it can be detected,
the export is not used,
Uglify then deletes the dead code.
And so that's a lot of words and stuff.
I'll demonstrate how that works but,
the whole why are around the tree shaking
idea is, let's say that you
have lodash in your project.
Lodash is an example of a really
useful module that is enormous, and so
you want to avoid sending the entirety
of lodash to your users, if you can.
And so let's say that you're only
using two methods from lodash.
So it doesn't make a whole lot of
sense to send the entirety of lodash
down to your users if you're
only using two methods.
But with tree shaking,
you could potentially just pull
the pieces out that you need.
And then webpack will say okay, everything
else is gonna be dead code for this thing.
So yeah, it's pretty handy.
I should say that that example doesn't
actually work right now because lodash
isn't authored in ES6 modules and
so webpack isn't
able to detect whether certain
pieces of code are used.
So, eventually that's likely to happen.
If you want to save a lot of space
with lodash they're plug-ins and
both babel and webpack plug-ins you
can use and save a lot of space.
But inside of your own code,
you can benefit from this now.
And as the community starts taking
more advantage of tree shaking,
then more modules will expose
themselves as ES6 models and
then you can start benefiting from tree
shaking from other people as well.
>> Speaker 2: They had a question,
just about are we treating
the test glob and
source glob differently?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah,
I think originally when I created
the workshop, the test glob and
source glob were being treated
a little bit differently but
now I'm pretty sure that it would work
without them being separate in Karma.
So if somebody wants to try that out and
submit a pull request, that'd be sweet.
Yeah, that would be cool.
>> Speaker 2: Follow up
question the tree shaking,
is this something similar to UnCSS but for
JavaScript?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, good question.
So UnCSS basically looks
at the CSS on your page and
determines what CSS is not
being used on that page.
And then you can remove that CSS code.
It's similar.
The same idea applies to
tree shaking where it can
determine what's not being used.
The cool thing about tree shaking is this
can happen statically and at bundle time.
And so you don't have to like run
your app you don't have to do it
like anything really special,
you just have to use ES6 modules and
configure babel properly to not transpile
those so that webpack can deal with them.
And then statically webpack will
just remove those from the exports
which creates dead code and
then Uglify will remove that dead code.